So welcome back, guys.
Now, in this module, we shall resume with the development of our inkless library.
Right.
So so far now we have a basic working, doubly linked list code in the form of high profile and source
file.
So now we will formally translate our list code into a linked list library.
So what does a library?
A library is nothing, but it is a collection of related object files.
And what object files?
Object files are the compile version of source files.
So far, big libraries.
It is very much possible that the library code expands across multiple source files like.
So, for example, if you have a big library, that it might be possible that the library has many source
files.
So these multiple source files are compiled to create a corresponding object files.
Right.
So if you have one dot see-saw trial to dot seesaws while and three dot seesaws file and many other
sorts, while these source files are compiled to create the corresponding object files.
Right.
So Object Files has an extension of all in the end.
These object files then are bundled together to create one unit called a library, so you can see that
all these object files are bundled together to create one unit, which we call it as library.
So going forward, so far, we have added only two very basic function to our double-dealing list library.
Right.
And what are those functions?
So if you take a look at DL dot s file, so here I have opened the file and we had added only two functions.
That is get NewDeal and add data to JLL.
So our linked list library supports only these two basic functions so far.
So what we will going to do is that we will going to create a link this library by adding more functions
to it so that our library will support more functionality.
So we will add and implement the following functions, but we will add this function definition in a
separate source file called DL Util Nazi.
And the declaration of those functions will go in the same high profile that is DL and attach.
So we are doing this for the sake that our library record at least spans across two source lines.
It means that we will have to object files to be bundled together to create a library.
Right.
So we are just adding two more functions to our library, but we will add those two functions in a separate
source file so that we will have at least two object files to be bundled together to create a library.
So the functions that we will going to add are the following that does not remove data from the linked
list by data pointer, so it is the name of the function and argument to this function is the pointer
to your linked list and the data pointer, which you want to remove from the list.
So what does function do?
This function is exactly opposite to the function.
Add data to the little function that is this function, right?
So this function simply remove the node from the linked list, which points to the data which is parsed
as an argument to this function.
Similarly, the second function that you should add to the library is the function with checks, whether
your list has any data in it or not.
Right.
And the third function that you should add to your library is train underscored the so this function
does nothing, but it deletes all the notes from a linked list.
But note that it simply deletes the load of a linked list, but a do not free the application data,
which is held by those nodes of a link list.
So basically, we have this deal dot file and we will going to add the declaration of these new functions
to this profile, right.
And we will create a new file called DRL Util Doxy, so I'm showing you the sample file that is Jallal
Util Dorsey.
And in this file we will going to provide the implementation of these three functions.
So I expect you to provide the implementation of these three functions because this course assume that
you are very much aware of the functioning of doubly linked list and you are very much capable to implement
these three functions.
So in the rest of the module, I assume that you have implemented all these three functions in your
library, and I request you to thoroughly test the correctness of your functions by writing a sample
application which will make use of your double-dealing list library and make use of these functions
surpass the correctness of your library that the function that you implement are correct.
So you can find the implementation of these functions in this part, that is library design, more functions.
So this part contains the version of list code which have all these functions implemented.
So you can refer to this court in case you need help.